---
layout: blog
---

#flashfiction/incomplete 
Hana woke up. She was utterly bored. She had gotten almost no sleep the day before yesterday, and now she had woken up from what felt like an eternal slumber. Hana was wondering what to do for the day, and she realized that she had forgotten about her class project of finding a mystical creature that wasn't well listed in the books. She was thinking about the Garginger. It was a passive creature known for its usage in treating people with the mysterious illness people were affected by in the town of Eternica. The name was a bit unsuitable for a town that was just 2 decades old. Hana felt a tinge in her skin. She realized that she had to first prepare a team for the project. Sadly, the project was a duo-only project, so she probably wouldn't get much help. She was already upset about losing her backpack to the waterfall-like thingy. It was basically a waterfall, but it had a weird atmosphere surrounding it. It was as if she was sucked up into it. She was annoyed at the fact no one chose to be with her, and the students present on that day already formed their teams, so she would have to work with the moody Kieran.

Her doorbell rang. Hana experienced a not-so-happy surprise. "What are you doing here?"

"Well, uh you weren't picking up the talkstone, so I thought to just come here" Kieran explained

Hana's expression softned. "Fine"

"Anyways, what project idea did you have?" Kieran added.

"Well it's about how to use gargingers in a way that has a lot more chances of working rather than harming. Quite an ambitious one, I know." Hana answered.

Kieran made a 'Oooh' look. "No wonder nobody chose you-"

"Fuck you Kieran" Hana told him off.

Kieran grinned "Anyways, would it have been helpful if I had brought the wiki textbook thingy?" 

"Don't worry, I have those" Hana reassured him. "Come in"

Kieran felt uneasy. It was as if he was being told to leave immediately. The house did look really cozy to him.

"Here," Hana pointed to the 'whatever-was-done-by-Hana' ongoing project. Kieran felt more attracted to the well-stacked bookshelves.
