---
layout: blog
---

#flashfiction/completed  

Tilly lay there, like a little doll fallen down. Connor walked around the corridor looking for little details. There were next to none. Mar was squirming in the interogation room. The elevator had three holes. Three in Tilly's abdomen. Some serious aiming issues for a point blank range. The incident had already made it to the news. A psychotic killer going around killing people. In case you're wondering about hwo they know its the same person? Three shots in the body and three in the surroundings. As if trying to finish all the bullets in a revolver round. 

Connor yawned , looking at the footage. He just didn't like cases like these. He skipped to the part when Tilly left her home the night before the incident. As he almost mindlessly watched the footage, he a saw a kid enter the building with a bagpack too... 'mature' for his age. That was the end of the footage. The rest was deleted due to a sabotage. While there were only 5 frames in which the kid was present, it was enough to arouse suspicion in Connor. He noted it down. He decided that he was done for the day. He headed to his bed and put the empty bag of chips lying on it in the bin. As soon as his head touched the pillow, his doorbell rang. Annoyed, he got up and went to the door and opened it. He immediately went to high alert. "Can I make a call"- It was the kid from the footage. His location was supposed to be a classified to normal citizens. Connor hesitated, but gave the kid his phone anyway. Just as the kid had finished putting in a number, Connor realised what was about to happen. With an agonising push to the kid, He closed the door and sprinted across the room as fast as he could. Boom. He was about 4 meters away from the door when the explosion happened. The kid had a bomb in his seemingly normal backpack, and the person who sent him may have told him to call him when he was right in front of Connor. "Shit" - Connor definetely didn't like these kinds of cases and now this just made it worse. 
